isponsorblocktv/DOCS.md, before:

# Home Assistant Add-on: iSponsorBlockTV

Run iSponsorBlockTV on a computer that has network access. Auto discovery will require the computer to be on the same network as the device during setup. This addon uses host networking for this.

It connects to the device, watches its activity and skips any sponsor segment using the SponsorBlock API. It can also skip/mute YouTube ads.

## How to use

The easiest way to get started is to generate a config file by running this app on another machine.

You will need to get a connection key by opening the Youtube app on your device, going to settings and selecting tv link.

```
rm -rf /tmp/config && mkdir /tmp/config && docker run --rm -it -v /tmp/config:/app/data --net=host ghcr.io/dmunozv04/isponsorblocktv --setup-cli && cat /tmp/config/config.json
```

You can then pick the bits out that you need.

The config file will look something like this:

```json
{
    "devices": [
        {
            "screen_id": "[YOUR SCREEN-ID]",
            "name": "YouTube on TV",
            "offset": 0
        }
    ],
    "apikey": "",
    "skip_categories": [
        "sponsor"
    ],
    "channel_whitelist": [],
    "skip_count_tracking": true,
    "mute_ads": false,
    "skip_ads": true
}
```

You can then transfer the device config over to a YAML config which looks like this:

```yml
- screen_id: [YOUR SCREEN-ID]
  name: LG TV
```



You must also set a YouTube API key as apikey.

Commit message:

Enhance config.yaml metadata and documentation for both addons
- isponsorblocktv:
  - Enhanced description with upstream project reference
  - Added upstream field pointing to dmunozv04/iSponsorBlockTV
  - Updated DOCS.md with better intro, feature list, and community maintainer note
  - Added links to SponsorBlock and upstream project

- zititunneller:
  - Enhanced description explaining OpenZiti zero trust networking
  - Added upstream field pointing to openziti/ziti-tunnel-sdk-c
  - Updated DOCS.md with comprehensive OpenZiti introduction
  - Modernized installation instructions (removed outdated SCP commands)
  - Removed outdated manual version number note
  - Clarified ZAC acronym in configuration docs

Both addons now clearly indicate they are community-maintained wrappers
around their respective upstream projects, following Home Assistant addon
best practices.

isponsorblocktv/DOCS.md, after:

# Home Assistant Add-on: iSponsorBlockTV

**Community-maintained Home Assistant addon wrapper around [dmunozv04/iSponsorBlockTV](https://github.com/dmunozv04/iSponsorBlockTV)**

This addon automatically skips sponsor segments in YouTube videos playing on YouTube TV devices. It connects to your YouTube TV (Smart TV, Chromecast, etc.), monitors video playback, and uses the [SponsorBlock](https://sponsor.block/) crowdsourced database to skip sponsored segments. It can also skip or mute YouTube ads.

## Features

- Automatically skip sponsor segments using SponsorBlock API
- Skip or mute YouTube video ads
- Support for multiple YouTube TV devices
- Channel whitelisting
- Configurable skip categories (sponsor, selfpromo, intro, outro, etc.)
- Host networking for automatic device discovery

This addon runs iSponsorBlockTV and requires network access to communicate with your YouTube TV devices. Auto-discovery requires the addon to be on the same network as your devices during initial setup.

## How to use

The easiest way to get started is to generate a config file by running this app on another machine.

You will need to get a connection key by opening the Youtube app on your device, going to settings and selecting tv link.

```
rm -rf /tmp/config && mkdir /tmp/config && docker run --rm -it -v /tmp/config:/app/data --net=host ghcr.io/dmunozv04/isponsorblocktv --setup-cli && cat /tmp/config/config.json
```

You can then pick the bits out that you need.

The config file will look something like this:

```json
{
    "devices": [
        {
            "screen_id": "[YOUR SCREEN-ID]",
            "name": "YouTube on TV",
            "offset": 0
        }
    ],
    "apikey": "",
    "skip_categories": [
        "sponsor"
    ],
    "channel_whitelist": [],
    "skip_count_tracking": true,
    "mute_ads": false,
    "skip_ads": true
}
```

You can then transfer the device config over to a YAML config which looks like this:

```yml
- screen_id: [YOUR SCREEN-ID]
  name: LG TV
```



You must also set a YouTube API key as apikey.
